Follow up: CIS Compliance guide fixes (#441)
gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io: _posts/2019-10-17-how-to-achieve-cis-benchmark-compliance.adoc

is_multi_region_trail         = true
include_global_service_events = true
enable_log_file_validation    = true

> s3_bucket_name                = local.cloudtrail_s3_bucket_name

Reviewer: Reading [this section at the guide](https://deploy-preview-441--keen-clarke-470db9.netlify.app/guides/compliance/how-to-achieve-cis-benchmark-compliance/#logging-2), this `local` seems a bit  out of place, it is not connected to the Landing Zone steps so I think that ` cloud_watch_logs_group_arn    = <YOUR CLOUDWATCH LOGS GROUP ARN>` are more readable here.

Author: ok, changing it now! 🙇

> cloud_watch_logs_group_arn    = local.cloudtrail_s3_bucket_arn

Author: Good question - I assumed it's the same bucket. Where's best to find this..... 🤔  (i'm looking into this now)

> cloud_watch_logs_group_arn    = local.cloudtrail_s3_bucket_arn

Author: I think we've got the relevant output in the cis repo `root` `outputs.tf` example - `cloudtrail_cloudwatch_group_arn`. I"m now referring to that one.

event_selector {
  read_write_type           = "All"
  include_management_events = true

  data_resource {
    type   = "AWS::S3::Object"

>     values = ["${local.cloudtrail_s3_bucket_name}"]

Author: good catch!

The standalone modules will follow the pattern of referencing the module and providing the necessary input variables for it, then applying with `terragrunt`.

[[deploy_landingzone]]
=== Deploy Landing Zone solution

==== Apply the `account-baseline-root` to the root account

===== Configure the `account-baseline-root` for the root account

[.exceptional]
IMPORTANT: You must be a [js-subscribe-cta]#Gruntwork Compliance subscriber# to access the Gruntwork Infrastructure as Code Library and the https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog/[CIS AWS Foundations Benchmark modules].

First, let's set consider the repository structure that is recommended by this guide. It is available for your reference in the "/examples/for-production" section in the https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog/tree/master/examples/for-production[`terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog` repository]. Consider the following directory structure for your `infrastructure-live` repository. It showcases the configuration files foryour local variables.

[source]
----
.
└ infrastructure-live
    └ root
        └ account.hcl

>         └ global

Reviewer: Global here is missing an `_`
```suggestion
        └ _global
```

Author: good catch too!

[source, hcl]
----
locals {
  # Automatically load common variables shared across all accounts
  common_vars = read_terragrunt_config(find_in_parent_folders("common.hcl"))

  # Automatically load account-level variables
  account_vars = read_terragrunt_config(find_in_parent_folders("account.hcl"))

  # Extract the account_name for easy access
  account_name = local.account_vars.locals.account_name

  # Automatically load region-level variables
  region_vars = read_terragrunt_config(find_in_parent_folders("region.hcl"))

  # Extract the region for easy access
  aws_region = local.region_vars.locals.aws_region
}
----

You'll need to create these files in order to be able to follow the code examples following. For examples on what to put in each of these files, refer to the https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog/tree/master/examples/for-production[`terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog` repository]. The `locals` configuration above can be used in each of the `terragrunt.hcl` files to help you avoid repetition. Note that the examples below won't show this in the interest of clarity.

> Next, we'll configure the `account-baseline-root` baseline for the root account that is responsible for creating all the child accounts.

Reviewer: This phrase is a bit weird for me 🤔 

> the `account-baseline-root` baseline for the root account 

account, baseline and root appears two times each 😅  this is super NIT

Author: ahhhh, readability is indeed awful 😰 , to thanks for point it out to me!

https://www.theverge.com/2017/9/18/16328172/sms-two-factor-authentication-hack-password-bitcoin[vulnerabilities with the cellular system],
so using a virtual or hardware MFA device is preferable; that said, MFA with SMS is still better than no MFA at all.

[[deployment_approach]]
=== Deployment approach
Before we dive into the code and deployment for each of the resources, let's take a step back and understand how the code is structured.
Most of the features explained in the "Production-grade design" section will be deployed by using the Landing Zone solution, and some more standalone modules like the VPC module.

> The Landing Zone will be deployed in three steps - the `account-baseline-root` to set up your organisation-wide configurations, and create the necessary child AWS accounts. Next, we'll need to apply the `account-baseline-app` baseline against the created logs account, which would in its turn set up the CloudTrail, AWS Config buckets and a few more settings that will be used for aggregation of logs and metrics from the whole organization. Then the `account-baseline-security` will be applied, and that's responsible to set up your IAM roles, groups that would allow you to access the rest of the accounts within your organization. And finally, the `account-baseline-app` will be applied to an AWS account with the purpose of hosting an application.

Author: ah yes, of course! thanks 🙏

https://www.theverge.com/2017/9/18/16328172/sms-two-factor-authentication-hack-password-bitcoin[vulnerabilities with the cellular system],
so using a virtual or hardware MFA device is preferable; that said, MFA with SMS is still better than no MFA at all.

[[deployment_approach]]
=== Deployment approach

> Before we dive into the code and deployment for each of the resources, let's take a step back and understand how the code is structured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we dive into the code and deployment for each resource, let's take a step back and understand how the code is structured.
```

> Most of the features explained in the <<production_grade_design>> section will be deployed by using the Landing Zone solution, and some more standalone modules like the VPC module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the features explained in the <<production_grade_design>> section will be deployed using the Landing Zone solution, and some more standalone modules like the VPC module.
```

> The Landing Zone will be deployed in three steps - the `account-baseline-root` to set up your organisation-wide configurations, create the necessary child AWS accounts, set up the CloudTrail and AWS Config buckets. Next, we'll need to apply the `account-baseline-app` against the created logs account, adding more settings that will be used for aggregation of logs and metrics from the whole organization. Then the `account-baseline-security` will be applied, and that's responsible to set up your IAM roles, groups that would allow you to access the rest of the accounts within your organization. And finally, the `account-baseline-app` will be applied to an AWS account with the purpose of hosting an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Landing Zone will be deployed in three steps - the `account-baseline-root` to set up your organization-wide configurations, create the necessary child AWS accounts, set up the CloudTrail and AWS Config buckets. Next, we'll need to apply the `account-baseline-app` against the created logs account, adding more settings that will be used for aggregation of logs and metrics from the whole organization. Then the `account-baseline-security` will be applied, and that's responsible to set up your IAM roles and groups that would allow you to access the rest of the accounts within your organization. And finally, the `account-baseline-app` will be applied to an AWS account with the purpose of hosting an application.
```

The standalone modules will follow the pattern of referencing the module and providing the necessary input variables for it, then applying with `terragrunt`.

[[deploy_landingzone]]
=== Deploy Landing Zone solution

==== Apply the `account-baseline-root` to the root account

> ===== Configure the `account-baseline-root` for the root account

Reviewer: I think we can remove this sub-level title. Just leave the one at L951

[.exceptional]
IMPORTANT: You must be a [js-subscribe-cta]#Gruntwork Compliance subscriber# to access the Gruntwork Infrastructure as Code Library and the https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog/[CIS AWS Foundations Benchmark modules].

> First, let's set consider the repository structure that is recommended by this guide. It is available for your reference in the "/examples/for-production" section in the https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog/tree/master/examples/for-production[`terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog` repository]. Consider the following directory structure for your `infrastructure-live` repository. It showcases the configuration files foryour local variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, let's set consider the repository structure that is recommended by this guide. It is available for your reference in the `/examples/for-production"` section in the https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog/tree/master/examples/for-production[`terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog` repository]. Consider the following directory structure for your `infrastructure-live` repository. It showcases the configuration files for your local variables.
```

> [source]

Reviewer: I don't think you need this `[source]` here. It rendered weird in the website, with some white lines crossing the text
<img width="742" alt="Screen Shot 2021-07-07 at 18 19 49" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9384479/124795013-ec039400-df4f-11eb-8414-fd6a721eed7c.png">

Author: hm, weird. Removed.

----
.
└ infrastructure-live
    └ root
        └ account.hcl
        └ _global
            └ region.hcl
        └ us-east-1
            └ region.hcl
    └ common.hcl
    └ accounts.json
----

> Each of the `region.hcl`, `account.hcl` and `common.hcl` should contain the relevant information, so in your modules you're able to reference the values like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the `region.hcl`, `accounts.hcl` and `common.hcl` should contain the relevant information, so in your modules, you're able to reference the values like this:
```

[source, hcl]
----
locals {
  # Automatically load common variables shared across all accounts
  common_vars = read_terragrunt_config(find_in_parent_folders("common.hcl"))

  # Automatically load account-level variables
  account_vars = read_terragrunt_config(find_in_parent_folders("account.hcl"))

  # Extract the account_name for easy access
  account_name = local.account_vars.locals.account_name

  # Automatically load region-level variables
  region_vars = read_terragrunt_config(find_in_parent_folders("region.hcl"))

  # Extract the region for easy access
  aws_region = local.region_vars.locals.aws_region
}
----

> You'll need to create these files in order to be able to follow the code examples following. For examples on what to put in each of these files, refer to the https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog/tree/master/examples/for-production[`terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog` repository]. The `locals` configuration above can be used in each of the `terragrunt.hcl` files to help you avoid repetition. Note that the examples below won't show this in the interest of clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to create these files to be able to follow the code examples following. For examples on what to put in each of these files, refer to the https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog/tree/master/examples/for-production[`terraform-aws-cis-service-catalog` repository]. Each of the `terragrunt.hcl` files will use the above `locals` configuration to help you avoid repetition. Note that the examples below won't show this in the interest of clarity.
```

NIT: Trying to remove passive voice. Not super sure about this change.

Author: That's ok! Thanks

----
infrastructure-live

>   └ prod

Reviewer: Not sure why the change? this needs to setup the root account before, `prod` references the production environment where the customer run their web apps.

Author: oh, interesting. I looked at the `for-production` example code that I believe must have been generated by the RefArch 2.0 and didn't see `root` folder there - I could find all the relevant files in there. How come this one was called `root`?

Reviewer: Because we don't generate a `root` baseline in the Ref Arch

Author: Hm, ok. I'm happy to change it back - it was a little bit confusing for me, but I think your logic makes sense!

Set the variables for the `account-baseline-root` module in this environment in the `inputs = { ... }` block of `terragrunt.hcl`:

.infrastructure-live/prod/_global/account-baseline/terragrunt.hcl
[source,hcl]
----
locals {
  aws_region = local.aws_region

  accounts = {

>     root = local.accounts.root

Reviewer: this is a recursion 😂  it is referencing itself.

Author: hahahha 😬 let's change it to <ROOT_ACCOUNT_ID>

Reviewer: Ok, the previous IDs were random ones

Author: ahh! I didn't know that - they looked real. I'll actually replace it with `0123456789` to be on the safe side

[source,hcl]
----
locals {
  aws_region = local.aws_region

  accounts = {

>     root = "<ROOT_ACCOUNT_ID>"

Reviewer: So should this root account be in the `accounts.hcl`?

Author: I think we can leave it like this, since we ask them to create the root account manually first.

    "iam:GetRole",
    "iam:GetRolePolicy",
  ]

>   # Configures the auto deploy max session duration to be 4 hours.

Reviewer: Why remove this code?

Author: CIS 1.3 suggests not to have any roles and permissions with deployment, or full-access, or dev-access. The only roles that should be configured are ssh, readonly, billing & support. (See CIS 1.3 1.15-1.18)

Reviewer: Ah, I see. I got this from the Ref Arch generated files

Reviewer: I double checked this now and the default value for `max_session_duration_human_users` is 43200 (12 hours) and for `max_session_duration_machine_users` is 3600 (1 hour)

Author: yep 👍 I am not sure if you want me to add these back?

  # Cross-account IAM role permissions
  ##################################

  # By granting access to the root ARN of the Security account in each of the roles below,
  # we allow administrators to further delegate access to other IAM entities

  # A role that allows administrator access to the account.
  allow_full_access_from_other_account_arns = [local.security_account_root_arn]

  # A role for developers to use to access services in the account.
  # Access to services is managed using the dev_permitted_services input.

>   allow_dev_access_from_other_account_arns = [local.security_account_root_arn]

Reviewer: Why remove this examples?

Author: Well this is for the logs account, and we don't really need these dev roles in there (what do we expect it to be useful for?). Or at least that was my understanding. What do you think?

  ##################################
  # Cross-account IAM role permissions
  ##################################

  # By granting access to the root ARN of the Security account in each of the roles below,
  # we allow administrators to further delegate access to other IAM entities

  # A role that allows administrator access to the account.
  allow_full_access_from_other_account_arns = [local.security_account_root_arn]

>   # A role for developers to use to access services in the account.

Reviewer: Same here, why the removal?

Author: CIS 1.3 suggests no full access here.
